I wasn't the wrong package but it's not
1990 this love could press SEC with the
unboxing so yeah somehow I got this in
the mail they know about it and they
want me to send it back otherwise
they're gonna charge me so I am but I'm
going to open it and benchmark it a
little bit before I send it back so
there won't be a full review but I'll go
over some performance real quick no he's
real quick and heat real quick serious
when the box
ms:i pretty plain besides just got part
numbers and stuff and I'm continuation
of the advertisement for 4 gigabytes of
gddr5 4k support and I think DirectX 7.2
yep and then on the back it just talks
about afterburner and saw a cap
capacitors and ready for 3d mark and oh
it's the r9 290 it's got 4 gigabytes of
gddr5 and it's 512 bit bus and she says
the outputs DisplayPort HD mind feels
dueling DisplayPort DVID there's 2 of
them and then just because there was
some of the features that come with GL
for 0.3 d0 core power tuner and advanced
audio and all the other nonsense so
let's just go ahead and get it open
because this is actually kind of
exciting and quite fortunate
watch got a black box
it's literally cool to have that AMD
logo right here because actually pretty
cool little case batch you have it's not
a case badge but sometimes it is yeah
look all the way black on the inside
- oh no all right in the bottom part so
I got a covered got a spacer the
graphics card got another cover that
covers up accessories we get a 6 pin PCI
Express - a pen PCI Express adapters do
little more accessing those six pins and
this I have to bring with Ronan's eight
potable where he put that in there no I
see more things to come with stickers
then cool stickers and then you just got
it from MSI just talking about kind of
everything
laughs it apart it's pretty packed
pretty okay well now hopefully someone
be able to pick up an open box deal
pretty cheap hang out you go out you buy
it again but I might just buy the one I
already opened so here's the card itself
and I don't know it looks like a 290x
but I guess slightly different it's got
these like well inlets here for the fan
I don't know if that actually does
anything very toxic you feeling kind of
feels like she lost it but that's okay
it's a GPU it's only there for
aesthetics and it doesn't look cheap but
it feels sheet so they got something
good going there for them and then up
top you can see Radeon and black right
here and then you can actually see the
Yuma sink for the whole thing
and it's pretty thick the card feels
surprisingly rigid as well we got our 8
pin and 6 pin right here
no crossfire finger because they do it
via PCI Express 3.0 which is insane yes
and I buy the switch not sure if it does
anything maybe quite a noob where I'm
not sure if the t9 features that haven't
really been paying attention and we got
some venting out here not sure why since
it's a bulwark card in the back ideally
most your vents venting is going to be
through here because you want it out of
the case and about I hear he's from
really hot anyway so
you want out of your case so there's our
two DVIDS the links we got our hdmi and
our DisplayPort full-size so sadly they
were to be stock DVI design that nvidia
has been doing so if you want single
slot you're gonna have to wait and see
if they make an affinity 6 version or
whatever because water bottles will come
from here and stop on the DVI can't just
cut through it you know there's a fan
blower type yaps we're saying it's loud
too so hopefully I'll find that out and
yeah PCB on the back and the unison
actually extends a little bit further
than the PCB not sure why maybe any
components do run pretty horn not
entirely sure and then you know I'm
sorry it's almost companies take a tiny
step forward and you know they put
little covers over the stuff you know
and they don't charge extra like or
anything you know toss them like
probably a penny for all that stuff but
it's just nice to have that there you
know like I'm grabbing it and I'm not
touching it which isn't do anything
anyway but it feels awkward you know and
people complain and all that stuff thank
you for watching the unboxing of this
MSI r9 290 I will be benchmarking it
very soon Lee quickly assume Lee yeah
quickly and but the thing is is I new
kind of build and you've been Church
mother Gothic starts to compare it to
otherwise the results are kinda useless
I mean I know that's how we used to do
it before but I guess no one liked it
like that so I'll be including other
performance numbers from other graphics
cards as well so it'll take me a little
bit but it really shouldn't take too
long anyway thanks for watching I hope
you like this video if you have like
down below and if you're not subscribe
really you should it would be awesome
and there's everything to say leave it
down in the comment section down below
thanks for watching and stay tuned for
the review